Don't kid me like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we were kidding.
Ahahahaha
Say less
drink
Have a drink
What!
Do you want me to accompany you to send Belle back?
No, I got a car
Your car is not very good, is it?
What if Ali falls off the car?
If you can't fall, you can't fall.
It's not you, it's an electric car
Ali drank too much
What if he falls to the back later?
You expect him to hold you from behind
As expected of her girlfriend
The boss's car has arrived at the master's house.
The car you two gentlemen drove
This is using me as a ride-hailing driver
Master Shen Zongche
Could you please send us both back?
No trouble no trouble
This service is really good
Rich people are weird these days.
Luxury cars are running
What about my brother?
Brother, you are crazy, you are mine tonight
Brother save me